improvement documentation for record attribution (#51)
Nosto/wiki-docs: apis/js-apis/common-examples/record-attributions.md

  .done()
});
```
In the above example,
- `vp` specifies the type of event and it corresponds to View Product
- `12345678` specifies the target and it corresponds to the ID of the product that's being viewed

> - `frontpage-nosto-1` specifies tge reference and it corresponds to the placement that hosted the product that's being clicked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `frontpage-nosto-1` specifies the reference and it corresponds to the placement that hosted the product that's being viewed
```

typo

> 2. Attributing a placement click to a `cc`  (Custom Campaign) event

Reviewer: Can you explain what a custom campaign is? I'm not sure what it is either 😅

Author: Done

  .done()
});
```
In the above example,
- `cc` specifies the type of event and it corresponds to Custom Campaign
- `12345678` specifies the target and it corresponds to the ID of the product that's being viewed

> - `frontpage-nosto-1` specifies tge reference and it corresponds to the placement that hosted the product that's being clicked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `frontpage-nosto-1` specifies the reference and it corresponds to the placement that hosted the product that's being viewed
```

typo

Author: Done

.done()
```

In the above example,
- `vp` specifies the type of event and it corresponds to View Product
- `7513863258337` specifies the target and it corresponds to the ID of the product that's being viewed
- `productpage-nosto-3` specifies the reference and it corresponds to the placement that hosted the product that's being clicked

> - `7513872007393` specifies the reference source and it corresponds to the ID of element, of the current page, that contained the `ref` element, `productpage-nosto-3` in this case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `7513872007393` specifies the reference source and it corresponds to the ID of element, of the current page, that contained the `ref` element, `productpage-nosto-3` in this case
```

`refSrc` for `vp` events refers to the id of the product that was shown where the recommendation was shown.  I think your original explanation explained it better.

Author: improved the description
